# Daily Log 5/16/17

## Training Modifications

I modified network training to match changed inference code and train Z2Color Batchnorm it's training about 2-3x faster than normal. Was a bit rushed this morning before going out to school so don't have the exact performance specs but I can see pretty clearly that the network is training at a much more desirable speed. I believe two epochs can be done by the time I get home from schoo (6.5 hours from now)

**Update** Didn't really do the math this morning. The network is currently training at 550 Hz compared to approx. 350 Hz before, it's not as significant an improvement as the inference code and this may be due to the extra time the network takes to backpropagate and do other tasks. The network is almost completely finished with the first epoch after 6.5 hours compared to the 12 hour period it took the previous net to finish each epoch. This is pretty good news (we can probably tain four epochs a day). The Z2ColorBatchnorm network converged after 7 epochs with the previous data so hopefully it should be ready to run on the car by late Wednesday night or Thursday morning.

## Inference

Pretty late last night I cleaned up the inference code and pushed out my changes to the repository. These seem to be all good.


## TX2 Install Guide

My main goal for now is writing the TX2 Install Bash File. In order to do this I need to figure out how Tushar did the kernel surgery think I asked him to do. I took a look at the bash_hitory file and couldn't really decipher too much so I'm prob just going to ask him. It only took him 1 min to do so it's probably only a couple of lines of scripting. The rest of the installation was done by me so I can go through my bash_history file and try to figure out what I did and write it up.

- [ ] Ask Tushar about Kernel Surgery and what he did exactly.
- [ ] Finish writing up the TX2 install script.
