# Daily Log 5/15/17

## Flexible Output Network
- Succesfully got a flexible output network running on the car, turns out my previous bug was just a debug statement that fed a random tensor into the network rather than the camera input.
- I do have many more epochs of this network training but I only tried epoch 2, which is really the first epoch after the output change.

## Other Work
Karl thinks I should do the following:
 
> I see three basic topics:
> 1. characterizing how the network drives in direct mode (default mode)
> 2. studying the emergent context sensitive variation in velocity
> 2. comparing different behavioral modes
> 2. These could comprise three papers it seems to me.
> 
> Aside from the Eagle board, I suggest that you:
> 1. Continue getting familiar with the Aruco dataset and training with it because there are a lot of new things going on here which are relevant to the beacon training to come.
> 2. Continue with customizing pytorch loss functions and thinking about how to apply these to training the two datasets with a single model.
> 2. Isolate the problem with the TX2 flashing. While we are satisfied with the TX1, the TX2 might change everything.
> 2. Think about ways to prioritize training for high-loss data; consider training a net which predicts loss in steering and motor, or add this to the existing targets.
> 
## Figures
##### Loss for Flexible Output Network
|#|Loss            |
--|-----------------
|1|0.0032424655359 |
|2|0.00314218715499|
|3|0.00311051376195|
|4|0.00297837918326|
|5|0.00295392548687|
|6|0.00289583529909|
|7|0.00283815237731|
|8|0.00281480756442|
